added changelog and add new test button to 3 pages (#128)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: changelog.mdx

> icon: "sparkles"

Reviewer: and yes selector editing is relevant: "You can now edit the playwright selectors that are used to find the element in question for the step"

Author: ok, I'll add it

---

## 2024-01-03

- You can add new steps to draft test cases now
- `Bounding boxes`: Element that was interacted with is highlighted by a bounding box in test step screenshots

<Frame caption="Element that was interacted with is highlighted by a bounding box, screenshot 01/2024">
  <img
    src="images/changelog/bounding-box.png"
    alt="bounding boxes in test steps screenshot"
  />
</Frame>

## 2023-12-18

> - Hanging tests runs mitigated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: Sometimes some of our test runs got stuck, we improved this and no stuck tests should occurr anymore.
```

Reviewer: I think i misspelled occur I think only one r, sorry 😬

Author: that's what happens when you listen to Cardi B for too long

## 2023-12-13

- Delete steps option in a test case draft added
- Idle `AI agent`: our agent will let you know if it's idle and waiting for more input

## 2023-12-11

> - You can edit test cases, now. Delete steps in test cases or mark them as optional, so their failure is ignored. Enter text parameters. Create test case drafts and publish them. Archive test cases. Create new drafts from archived tests when needed.

Reviewer: delete is now mentioned teice here and above :)

> - You can edit test cases, now. Delete steps in test cases or mark them as optional, so their failure is ignored. Enter text parameters. Create test case drafts and publish them. Archive test cases. Create new drafts from archived tests when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can edit test cases, now. Mark steps as optional, so their failure is ignored. Adjust text parameters for steps entering text or selecting a menu item. You can create test case drafts and publish them.
```
